i don't know if it's a philosophical
question or not but
do you think that you need to be at a
certain level of intelligence
to be vegan
no but you know i do
believe veganism is for everybody
in the same sense that being a
non-smoker is for everybody
or being a teetotaler because sobriety
is for everybody put it that way
because i think it is for everybody i
think it can be practiced by everybody
but advocacy promoting veganism being a
leader in the vegan movement being a
voice for veganism
is not fruit we had a knock at the door
you could probably share it there
not everyone can go into a prison
and talk to the prison inmates about
sobriety
and how to quit heroin and how to how to
live your life without ever drinking
alcohol
and without smoking cigarettes without
using weed that's
advocacy or that's activism that's
intervention
that the special type of person the
special characteristics the special
corporation do that
as opposed to just being sober yourself
gary yourofsky
gave lectures in high schools
who could possibly be a worse
representative of veganism to go into
high schools
and represent this movement and this
diet and the ethics and the ecology
than gary yourofsky
moon and rock moon and rock are
even worse people like this on youtube
are even worse representatives and i
know it's a very different form of
acting a very different platform
moon and rock are not literally going to
high schools i think high school
students are clicking on this and
watching this on youtube and so on
but this is my point i don't want to
talk about this in the abstract
real world who represents this movement
these people choose themselves people
like freelee
people like gary yourofsky people like
moon iraq
and they become leaders in a totally
inverse meritocracy what's the main
characteristic that's rewarding these
people
telling their audience something they
already want to hear
and we all know the vegan message is not
what people already want to hear
so it may be an arisats concoction of
yoga math spirituality and mother earth
ideology and all this crap and they're
not the only ones we know some other
channels like that within the vegan wand
where it's this really weird
self-invented
you know pseudo-religion whatever it is
that's the link that brings people in
right and whatever it was about gary
yourofsky and so on the people that
people found appealing
but it's it's the worst people it is the
worst who are representing veganism
and you know what the good news is
veganism is making progress
despite vegans the movement
sucks the movement has been a failure in
the last five years
but guess what we saw sitting in the
airport today we're sitting in
dallas texas airport and there's like a
15-minute special
on cnn that was today within the last 24
hours we've been in airports all day
we're doing this with three hours of
sleep cnn
presenting perfectly the case for why
veganism
is an inevitable ethical requirement
given
current ecological and ethical
considerations and they were doing a
better job than gary yourofsky and of
course a better job than
moon and brock or any of these people
that's cnn
and i said to you at the time i said
look despite the fact that the movement
has fallen apart despite the fact that
the movement is garbage
we're still winning like the truth of
this message is so important and so
self-evident
that cnn is picking up the wrong weather
just a couple days ago
maybe about a week ago of the economist
so the economist is a magazine
but they also now have a website and
youtube channel the economist
put up an argument for veganism maybe
that was two weeks ago sorry but
quite recently and i don't know if you
bothered to see that it was boring for
me because i already know this stuff but
it was exactly the arguments about
scaling up uh alternatives to meat
and you know as you as they increase in
scale environmental effects efficiency
water use blah blah blah
but the conclusion was really clear
again basically what is your
what is your excuse for not being vegan
in the cnn piece
they asked one of the advocates so i
think he was a scientist
working on a lab-grown meat so fake meat
substitutes they asked him are you vegan
and he admitted on camera
no i know i should be like i know i
ought to be
but i'm not and the whole thing was
framed in that way was like given these
so this is the reality is that the vegan
message
is so important and so timely and so
salient
that the people who might be our enemies
are doing a better job promoting it than
the people who are ostensibly our
friends
scumbags like moon and rock
whose whole concept of life is just
self-indulgence
[Music]
look how much that looks great
you